-> IApiClient
-> Custom Error Handling
-> TestData Management via POJO
-> Reporting with proper logs
-> logs
-> what SOLID Principles are implemented in framework - Fluent Design Pattern[Builder Pattern]
-> Execution happens in sequential manner in one worker
-> what validations we do for our api tests
-> Env or Configration management setup and what design pattern we used here and Y?
-> Fixtures and hooks
-> importing objects from other files like json objects internally works like Singleton Design Pattern
-> Find failure root cause - Application issue, Infra issue or script issue - to let leadership know
   if scripts are breaking what is the root cause. Eiter automation team have to improve or dev team 
   have to stabilize the application
-> How do you keeping handling the passwords and tokens in scripts


next items for today:

understand how json file is imported in ts file and is it singleton or any utility needs to be created
How json file is structured for out test data
How same json file is used for data driven testing and test parametrization
read testdata with json and use it in spec file
read testdata with json and override its value and use it in spec file
read testdata with json via POJO way and override its value and use it in spec file
read testdata with json via POJO way and override its value via random generator methods like random firstname
and use it in spec file
Q - When json file is imported in spec file, is it imported as json obj or some other?
    Once we import json object and make change in json obj then will original json obj will also 
    be modified in json file?

data driven testing for errors failures -see altman conduit example when we do data-driven testing
- in API we do data driven testing to validate api errors and failures. 
  Like running same api test with multiple diff data sets to validate diff api errors.
Schema validation
Also create documents of hierarchy of understanding how Test Datamanagement works in project
keep status code as enums in framework

/**
🧠 What test.step() does

    test.step('description', async () => { ... })
    → Groups related actions inside a named step.
    → Each step shows in the HTML report with pass/fail status and time.

    ✅ Simple rule - Wrap each logical action (request, validation, log, etc.) inside a test.step.
 */

Logical interface groups

   IRequestBuilder — methods that build the request (fluent API).

   IExecutor — methods that execute the HTTP call (get/post/put/delete).

   ILoggable — methods to fetch/clear logs (or push logs).

   IApiClient — the composed interface used by tests (a combination).

-> seperate loggers methods from IApiClient
-> Create document how logger is leveraged in api client class and how to reset the logs in test
   Why we need to do reset - bcoz in apichaining we can have multiple api calls and if we dont reset
   then all logs will be accumulated and it will be hard to identify which log belongs to which api call.
-> how logs are attached to report and why it is important?
-> How logs and Error handling are related to each other and working together?
-> Redability of test steps in report is very bad, how to improve that?



1) IApiClient interface for defining api methods contract. And Y we are doing it and how it helps?
2) Error handling in request-handler.ts - why we re-throw errors and how it helps?
   created custom ApiError class for better error context
3) In IApiClient implementation class we only return valid ok response and avoid doing validations there.
   Reason is it will have diff api methods and each method can have different success criteria and even 
   diff apis endpoints with same api method can have different success criteria.
   so we tell users to do validations in spec files based on their needs.
-> in spec file we mostly avoid using try and catch and if we use try and catch then it is must to throw error.
   Why?
-> make sure each utility have testing cases like how we have main method in java utils to tests
   those utils methods.

pending items

1) .env files for local properties
2) test data management
3) logs file
4) Schema validator
5) Mocking examples
6) CI integration
7) framework documentation - like docs before methods, readme files, desing documentation,
   components of framework, framework tech stack, what it supports etc.
8) when a new resource joins how will be kt document , utils methods, etc
9) what are best practices to follow


Next Items:
Introduction To Framework & Setup Project structure and dependencies
Automate Test cases, Data Driven Tests and Execute test cases with Tags
Automate End-To-Test Cases and Run Tests using Package.json file



// Remember Prince tujhe sab nae automate karna hah and sab aana bhi nae chaiye practically
u need to know conceptually but practically kuch hi karna hah 
jaise
API basics and arch - u should know must - this is theoretically and conceptually
Postman - yes not to much but yes
API - Only functional part u should know, mocking, microservices kaise test ki, 
      ci gating me how it is helping and RCA debugging etc, metrics
UI - 
framework design - very imp

Bas ita hi karna hah
